https://codepen.io/Chrononaut/pen/qBbWKam

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
	Markup that has actual meaning instead of just presentational definition.
    2. What is HTML used for? 
	To structure a web page.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
	Used to provide additional information about an element. Always placed after element start tag.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
	the tag that signifies the most important heading on a page. Should only ever be used once per page.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
	image and anchor
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
	metadata, the title of the page, and links to CSS, etc
    7. What is an id? 
	an attribute that can only be used once, meant to specify something unique on the page.
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
	any html element
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
	one.
    10. What is a class? 
	an html attribute that applies the same style to everything sharing this same attribute. 
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
	any html element.
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
	as many as you'd like.
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
	add the "target" attribute with the value "_blank"
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
	it's the text that will be displayed in place of the image in the event it doesn't load.
    15. How do I reference an id?
	#
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
	section is for grouping things together and div is just a container without any particular meaning, other than whatever meaning it gets from its content.
    17. What is CSS used for? 
	to style HTML content.
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
	h2 {
	stuff:stuff;
	}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one:
	a class can select a bunch of things and an ID can only select one specific thing. 
	class would be good for selecting every <p> element, whereas ID might be better for selecting one specific element.

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
	.className
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
	p .human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
	selects every element that has a specific element as it's parent.
	is useful for when you want to select only an element that is a direct child of another specific element, but none of the ones that aren't.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
	div .sidebar a
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
	an addition to a selector that specifically targets an element in a specific state (like on hover, for example)
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
	line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
	letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
	test-transform
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
	div {
	border: 1px dotted black;
	}
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
	*
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
	/* comment goes here */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
	pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
	ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
	rm. because it provides no prompt and is completely permanent.
    34. Why should I use version control? 
	so you have easy and complete access to all changes throughout the life of your project.
    35. How often should I commit to github?
	when you're done for the day.
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
	git push
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
	go to link for project. Fork to your own account. Clone that fork. Make a branch with your name-lastname. check to make sure you're in your own branch. Complete assignments/project, then add, commit with message, and push. compare + pull request on GitHub. Change base to master. Add TL as reviewer. Create pull request.

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
	inline elements only take up as much room as their content deems necessary, block elements stretch across all available with by default.
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
	it is positioned relative to its container.
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
	display:inline-block;
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
	block: h1-h6, p,hr
	inline: a, span
	inline-block: img
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
	the box model is the idea that every element has a box wrapped around it. 
	min/max-width?
